{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Well I could've copy/pasted the usual boring cover letter here. But I won't.\
\
I've been interested in vertical farming over the last few weeks, and yesterday I saw the VPRO documentary.\
\
When I heard Tobias Pegg's, I was simply amazed. I felt like I had a friend in front of me, speaking out loudly what I had in mind. Vertical farming is the future. Forget about Facebook & Google, if you can feed 7B humans with high-quality food grown locally, you will change the world in a way never seen before. As Tobias said, the Internet indeed look small compared to what your company could bring to the world. \
\
I imagine a world where you would have a vertical farm every 30 miles, selling the food grown to local supermarkets. I imagine it being entirely automated, with robots planting the seeds themselves, waiting for the food to grow and then harvesting it. \
\
I mean, if you can produce 10 times more food (130 times, actually), with a higher quality, in less times, we need no genius to understand that is idea is just CRAZY. \
\
Anyways. Why do I want to work for Square Roots? I would like to work for a company that will change the world. It may sound silly or childish, but heck, that's just what your company is all about, isn't?\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}